<!DOCTYPE html>
<html >
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1">
      <title>OCIO TSC Meeting Notes</title>
    
      <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../_static/pygments.css">
      <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../_static/theme.css">
      <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../_static/sphinx_press_theme.css">
      
      <script type="text/javascript" id="documentation_options" data-url_root="../../../" src="../../../_static/documentation_options.js"></script>

      <!-- sphinx script_files -->
        <script src="../../../_static/jquery.js"></script>
        <script src="../../../_static/underscore.js"></script>
        <script src="../../../_static/doctools.js"></script>
        <script src="../../../_static/language_data.js"></script>

      
      <script src="../../../_static/theme-vendors.js"></script>
      <script src="../../../_static/theme.js" defer></script>
    
  <link rel="index" title="Index" href="../../../genindex.html" />
  <link rel="search" title="Search" href="../../../search.html" /> 
  </head>

  <body>
    <div id="app" class="theme-container" :class="pageClasses"><navbar @toggle-sidebar="toggleSidebar">
  <router-link to="../../../index.html" class="home-link">
    
      <img class="logo" src="../../../_static/OpenColorIO_withText.svg" alt="doit logo"/>
    
  </router-link>

  <div class="links">
    <navlinks class="can-hide">

  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../overview/_index.html#"
         class="nav-link ">
         Overview
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../users/_index.html#user-guide"
         class="nav-link ">
         User Guide
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../configs/_index.html#public-configs"
         class="nav-link ">
         Configs
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../api/_index.html#api"
         class="nav-link ">
         API
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../_index.html#"
         class="nav-link ">
         Contributors
      </a>
    </div>
  



  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="https://github.com/AcademySoftwareFoundation/OpenColorIO"
        class="nav-link external">
          Github <outboundlink/>
      </a>
    </div>
  

    </navlinks>
  </div>
</navbar>

      
      <div class="sidebar-mask" @click="toggleSidebar(false)">
      </div>
        <sidebar @toggle-sidebar="toggleSidebar">
          
          <navlinks>
            

  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../overview/_index.html#"
         class="nav-link ">
         Overview
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../users/_index.html#user-guide"
         class="nav-link ">
         User Guide
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../configs/_index.html#public-configs"
         class="nav-link ">
         Configs
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../api/_index.html#api"
         class="nav-link ">
         API
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../_index.html#"
         class="nav-link ">
         Contributors
      </a>
    </div>
  



  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="https://github.com/AcademySoftwareFoundation/OpenColorIO"
        class="nav-link external">
          Github <outboundlink/>
      </a>
    </div>
  

            
          </navlinks><div id="searchbox" class="searchbox" role="search">
  <div class="caption"><span class="caption-text">Quick search</span>
    <div class="searchformwrapper">
      <form class="search" action="../../../search.html" method="get">
        <input type="text" name="q" />
        <input type="submit" value="Search" />
        <input type="hidden" name="check_keywords" value="yes" />
        <input type="hidden" name="area" value="default" />
      </form>
    </div>
  </div>
</div><div class="sidebar-links" role="navigation" aria-label="main navigation">
  
    <div class="sidebar-group">
      <p class="caption">
        <span class="caption-text"><a href="../../../overview/_index.html#">Overview</a></span>
      </p>
      <ul class="">
        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../overview/compatible_software.html" class="reference internal ">Compatible Software</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../overview/downloads.html" class="reference internal ">Downloads</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../overview/faq.html" class="reference internal ">FAQ</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../overview/installation.html" class="reference internal ">Installation</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../overview/introduction.html" class="reference internal ">Introduction</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../overview/license.html" class="reference internal ">License</a>

            
          </li>

        
      </ul>
    </div>
  
    <div class="sidebar-group">
      <p class="caption">
        <span class="caption-text"><a href="../../../users/_index.html#user-guide">User Guide</a></span>
      </p>
      <ul class="">
        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../users/tool_overview.html" class="reference internal ">Tool overview</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../users/baking_luts.html" class="reference internal ">Baking LUT’s</a>

            
          </li>

        
      </ul>
    </div>
  
    <div class="sidebar-group">
      <p class="caption">
        <span class="caption-text"><a href="../../../configs/_index.html#public-configs">Configs</a></span>
      </p>
      <ul class="">
        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../configs/spi_vfx.html" class="reference internal ">spi-vfx</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../configs/spi_anim.html" class="reference internal ">spi-anim</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../configs/nuke_default.html" class="reference internal ">nuke-default</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../configs/aces_1.0.3.html" class="reference internal ">aces_1.0.3</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../configs/allocation_vars.html" class="reference internal ">How to Configure ColorSpace Allocation</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../configs/config_syntax.html" class="reference internal ">Config syntax</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../configs/contexts.html" class="reference internal ">Contexts</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../configs/looks.html" class="reference internal ">Looks</a>

            
          </li>

        
      </ul>
    </div>
  
    <div class="sidebar-group">
      <p class="caption">
        <span class="caption-text"><a href="../../../api/_index.html#api">API</a></span>
      </p>
      <ul class="">
        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../api/change_log.html" class="reference internal ">ChangeLog</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../api/c_baker.html" class="reference internal ">Baker</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../api/c_context.html" class="reference internal ">Context</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../api/c_gpushadercreator.html" class="reference internal ">GpuShaderCreator</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../api/c_gpushaderdesc.html" class="reference internal ">GpuShaderDesc</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../api/c_imagedesc.html" class="reference internal ">ImageDesc</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../api/c_packedimagedesc.html" class="reference internal ">PackedImageDesc</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../api/c_planarimagedesc.html" class="reference internal ">PlanarImageDesc</a>

            
          </li>

        
      </ul>
    </div>
  
    <div class="sidebar-group">
      <p class="caption">
        <span class="caption-text"><a href="../../_index.html#">Contributors</a></span>
      </p>
      <ul class="">
        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../getting_started.html" class="reference internal ">Getting started</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../coding_guidelines.html" class="reference internal ">Coding guidelines</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../documentation_guidelines.html" class="reference internal ">Documentation guidelines</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../internal_architecture.html" class="reference internal ">Internal Architecture Overview</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../issues.html" class="reference internal ">Issues</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../submitting_changes.html" class="reference internal ">Submitting Changes</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../usage_examples.html" class="reference internal ">Usage Examples</a>

            
          </li>

        
      </ul>
    </div>
  
</div>
        </sidebar>

      <page>
          <div class="body-header" role="navigation" aria-label="navigation">
  
  <ul class="breadcrumbs">
    <li><a href="../../../index.html">Docs</a> &raquo;</li>
    
    <li><strong>OCIO TSC Meeting Notes</strong></li>
  </ul>
  

  <ul class="page-nav">
</ul>
  
</div>
<hr>
          <div class="content" role="main">
            
  <!-- SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0 --><!-- Copyright Contributors to the OpenColorIO Project. --><p>April 29, 2019</p>
<p>Host: Michael Dolan</p>
<p>Rotating Secretary: Michael Dolan</p>
<p>Attendees:</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>[ ] Mark Boorer (<em>TSC</em>) - Industrial Light &amp; Magic</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] Sean Cooper (<em>TSC</em>) - DNEG</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Michael Dolan (<em>TSC Chair</em>) - Sony Pictures Imageworks</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Larry Gritz (<em>TSC</em>) - Sony Pictures Imageworks</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Patrick Hodoul (<em>TSC</em>) - Autodesk</p></li>
<li><p>[X] John Mertic - Academy Software Foundation / Linux Foundation</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] Carl Rand (<em>TSC</em>) - Foundry</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Doug Walker (<em>TSC Chief Architect</em>) - Autodesk</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] Kevin Wheatley (<em>TSC</em>) - Framestore</p></li>
</ul>
<p>Apologies:</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>Sean Cooper (<em>TSC</em>) - DNEG</p></li>
<li><p>Kevin Wheatley (<em>TSC</em>) - Framestore</p></li>
</ul>
<div class="section" id="ocio-tsc-meeting-notes">
<h1><strong>OCIO TSC Meeting Notes</strong><a class="headerlink" href="#ocio-tsc-meeting-notes" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h1>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>CLA/DSO System</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Doug: Wiki and website need more explanation of what to do (i.e. clear
steps to follow).</p></li>
<li><p>John: There are two links:</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Wiki with info about what to do</p></li>
<li><p>CLA console where signature and contributors are managed</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Doug: No problem with having two separate websites.</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Wiki has a lot of detailed info for someone already in the system, as
reference.</p></li>
<li><p>Confused about what to send to executives/lawyers about what to do.
Having more concrete steps would be helpful.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>John: Multiple roles may be needed:</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Signatory: Name on CLA, who does sign off.</p></li>
<li><p>CLA Manager: Person in organization that manages individual
contributors who are covered by the CLA.</p></li>
<li><p>The manager is the one who enters names and maintains the system.</p></li>
<li><p>Agrees the process is less than intuitive.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>John: Suggests a demo of the system from the LF product team.</p></li>
<li><p>All: Agree a demo would be good.</p></li>
<li><p>The demo could make sense to do at a TAC meeting, or just have a video,
but John suggests we do something in-person for now to unblock OCIO.</p></li>
<li><p>Doug: On the create account website, it says only one account can be
created for an organization; not one per project. A CLA manager would
need to be someone at a corporate level, or of a parent organization.</p></li>
<li><p>John: There can be a different manager and signatory for flexibility. The
manager can designate who can manage contributors. No need to get
corporate council involved to add someone.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>TODO</strong>: Schedule CLA system demo from LF product team.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>SonarCloud Static Analysis</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Michael: Working on SonarCloud integration for Travis.</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Can’t test from an external (forked) PR, so need a better way to test.</p></li>
<li><p>Larry: You can create a dedicated testing branch and push changes to
that directly. That avoids PRs for testing and is internal to GH.</p></li>
<li><p>Michael: Good idea. I’ll do that for initial testing.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Patrick: Does analysis break the build? Where do we see results?</p>
<ul>
<li><p>We need to know when something critical breaks, without having to
remember to check SonarCloud site.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Michael: Results are on Imageworks SonarCloud account for now. PR #740
has a link.</p>
<ul>
<li><p>sonar-scanner returns non-0 exit if quality gate is not met, so will
break the build.</p></li>
<li><p>There is a SonarCloud badge, which will tell you if the last analysis
is passing or failing. That will also link to full results.</p></li>
<li><p>Needs testing once it is up and running to see how we should
configure it.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>OSX CI Configurations</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Michael: Noticed that our OSX GCC build is actually a duplicate of the
Clang build. To use GCC, we have to set it up differently, since macOS
treats gcc as an alias to clang.</p></li>
<li><p>Larry: Do we need a Mac GCC build? We have Linux GCC builds which should
catch he same errors and warnings.</p></li>
<li><p>Michael: Perhaps instead we can have multiple OSX Clang builds with
different OS versions: older and newer?</p></li>
<li><p>Patrick/Doug: Agree that is reasonable.</p></li>
<li><p>Larry: Good to test with variety of OS versions to catch more issues.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>TODO</strong>: Michael will reconfigure the OSX test matrix.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>LF CommunityBridge</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Michael: Since this is an official LF tool, and has security vulnerability
reporting, should we consider it instead of our current email approach?</p></li>
<li><p>John: We should stay where we are for now. We need more data on
CommunityBridge, since it is new.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>OCIO V2 Working Group</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Doug: V2 working group is tomorrow (April 30), 3pm EST.</p></li>
<li><p>Michael: Will you be opening new PRs today or tomorrow for discussion?</p></li>
<li><p>Doug: Will be opening PRs this week, and a GH issue today on one topic.</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Issue (for discussion) will be regarding new OCIO display transforms.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Doug/Patrick: New PRs coming involve CPU renderer with bit-depth support
and API, etc.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Items for next TSC meeting agenda:</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Kevin mentioned in his apology that he had a topic, but will bring it up
at the next meeting.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</div>


          </div>
          <div class="page-nav">
            <div class="inner"><ul class="page-nav">
</ul><div class="footer" role="contentinfo">
      &#169; Copyright Contributors to the OpenColorIO Project.
    <br>
    Created using <a href="http://sphinx-doc.org/">Sphinx</a> 3.0.3 with <a href="https://github.com/schettino72/sphinx_press_theme">Press Theme</a>.
</div>
            </div>
          </div>
      </page>
    </div>
    
    
  </body>
</html>