<!DOCTYPE html>
<html >
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1">
      <title>OCIO TSC Meeting Notes</title>
    
      <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../_static/pygments.css">
      <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../_static/theme.css">
      <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../_static/sphinx_press_theme.css">
      
      <script type="text/javascript" id="documentation_options" data-url_root="../../../" src="../../../_static/documentation_options.js"></script>

      <!-- sphinx script_files -->
        <script src="../../../_static/jquery.js"></script>
        <script src="../../../_static/underscore.js"></script>
        <script src="../../../_static/doctools.js"></script>
        <script src="../../../_static/language_data.js"></script>

      
      <script src="../../../_static/theme-vendors.js"></script>
      <script src="../../../_static/theme.js" defer></script>
    
  <link rel="index" title="Index" href="../../../genindex.html" />
  <link rel="search" title="Search" href="../../../search.html" /> 
  </head>

  <body>
    <div id="app" class="theme-container" :class="pageClasses"><navbar @toggle-sidebar="toggleSidebar">
  <router-link to="../../../index.html" class="home-link">
    
      <img class="logo" src="../../../_static/OpenColorIO_withText.svg" alt="doit logo"/>
    
  </router-link>

  <div class="links">
    <navlinks class="can-hide">

  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../overview/_index.html#"
         class="nav-link ">
         Overview
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../users/_index.html#user-guide"
         class="nav-link ">
         User Guide
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../configs/_index.html#public-configs"
         class="nav-link ">
         Configs
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../api/_index.html#api"
         class="nav-link ">
         API
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../_index.html#"
         class="nav-link ">
         Contributors
      </a>
    </div>
  



  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="https://github.com/AcademySoftwareFoundation/OpenColorIO"
        class="nav-link external">
          Github <outboundlink/>
      </a>
    </div>
  

    </navlinks>
  </div>
</navbar>

      
      <div class="sidebar-mask" @click="toggleSidebar(false)">
      </div>
        <sidebar @toggle-sidebar="toggleSidebar">
          
          <navlinks>
            

  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../overview/_index.html#"
         class="nav-link ">
         Overview
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../users/_index.html#user-guide"
         class="nav-link ">
         User Guide
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../configs/_index.html#public-configs"
         class="nav-link ">
         Configs
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../api/_index.html#api"
         class="nav-link ">
         API
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../_index.html#"
         class="nav-link ">
         Contributors
      </a>
    </div>
  



  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="https://github.com/AcademySoftwareFoundation/OpenColorIO"
        class="nav-link external">
          Github <outboundlink/>
      </a>
    </div>
  

            
          </navlinks><div id="searchbox" class="searchbox" role="search">
  <div class="caption"><span class="caption-text">Quick search</span>
    <div class="searchformwrapper">
      <form class="search" action="../../../search.html" method="get">
        <input type="text" name="q" />
        <input type="submit" value="Search" />
        <input type="hidden" name="check_keywords" value="yes" />
        <input type="hidden" name="area" value="default" />
      </form>
    </div>
  </div>
</div><div class="sidebar-links" role="navigation" aria-label="main navigation">
  
    <div class="sidebar-group">
      <p class="caption">
        <span class="caption-text"><a href="../../../overview/_index.html#">Overview</a></span>
      </p>
      <ul class="">
        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../overview/compatible_software.html" class="reference internal ">Compatible Software</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../overview/downloads.html" class="reference internal ">Downloads</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../overview/faq.html" class="reference internal ">FAQ</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../overview/installation.html" class="reference internal ">Installation</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../overview/introduction.html" class="reference internal ">Introduction</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../overview/license.html" class="reference internal ">License</a>

            
          </li>

        
      </ul>
    </div>
  
    <div class="sidebar-group">
      <p class="caption">
        <span class="caption-text"><a href="../../../users/_index.html#user-guide">User Guide</a></span>
      </p>
      <ul class="">
        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../users/tool_overview.html" class="reference internal ">Tool overview</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../users/baking_luts.html" class="reference internal ">Baking LUTâ€™s</a>

            
          </li>

        
      </ul>
    </div>
  
    <div class="sidebar-group">
      <p class="caption">
        <span class="caption-text"><a href="../../../configs/_index.html#public-configs">Configs</a></span>
      </p>
      <ul class="">
        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../configs/spi_vfx.html" class="reference internal ">spi-vfx</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../configs/spi_anim.html" class="reference internal ">spi-anim</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../configs/nuke_default.html" class="reference internal ">nuke-default</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../configs/aces_1.0.3.html" class="reference internal ">aces_1.0.3</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../configs/allocation_vars.html" class="reference internal ">How to Configure ColorSpace Allocation</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../configs/config_syntax.html" class="reference internal ">Config syntax</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../configs/contexts.html" class="reference internal ">Contexts</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../configs/looks.html" class="reference internal ">Looks</a>

            
          </li>

        
      </ul>
    </div>
  
    <div class="sidebar-group">
      <p class="caption">
        <span class="caption-text"><a href="../../../api/_index.html#api">API</a></span>
      </p>
      <ul class="">
        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../api/change_log.html" class="reference internal ">ChangeLog</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../api/c_baker.html" class="reference internal ">Baker</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../api/c_context.html" class="reference internal ">Context</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../api/c_gpushadercreator.html" class="reference internal ">GpuShaderCreator</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../api/c_gpushaderdesc.html" class="reference internal ">GpuShaderDesc</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../api/c_imagedesc.html" class="reference internal ">ImageDesc</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../api/c_packedimagedesc.html" class="reference internal ">PackedImageDesc</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../api/c_planarimagedesc.html" class="reference internal ">PlanarImageDesc</a>

            
          </li>

        
      </ul>
    </div>
  
    <div class="sidebar-group">
      <p class="caption">
        <span class="caption-text"><a href="../../_index.html#">Contributors</a></span>
      </p>
      <ul class="">
        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../getting_started.html" class="reference internal ">Getting started</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../coding_guidelines.html" class="reference internal ">Coding guidelines</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../documentation_guidelines.html" class="reference internal ">Documentation guidelines</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../internal_architecture.html" class="reference internal ">Internal Architecture Overview</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../issues.html" class="reference internal ">Issues</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../submitting_changes.html" class="reference internal ">Submitting Changes</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../usage_examples.html" class="reference internal ">Usage Examples</a>

            
          </li>

        
      </ul>
    </div>
  
</div>
        </sidebar>

      <page>
          <div class="body-header" role="navigation" aria-label="navigation">
  
  <ul class="breadcrumbs">
    <li><a href="../../../index.html">Docs</a> &raquo;</li>
    
    <li><strong>OCIO TSC Meeting Notes</strong></li>
  </ul>
  

  <ul class="page-nav">
</ul>
  
</div>
<hr>
          <div class="content" role="main">
            
  <!-- SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0 --><!-- Copyright Contributors to the OpenColorIO Project. --><p>Apr 11, 2019</p>
<p>Host: Michael Dolan</p>
<p>Rotating Secretary: Carl Rand</p>
<p>Attendees:</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>[ ] Mark Boorer (<em>TSC</em>) - Industrial Light &amp; Magic</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] Sean Cooper (<em>TSC</em>) - DNEG</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Michael Dolan (<em>TSC Chair</em>) - Sony Pictures Imageworks</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Larry Gritz (<em>TSC</em>) - Sony Pictures Imageworks</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Patrick Hodoul (<em>TSC</em>) - Autodesk</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] John Mertic - Academy Software Foundation / Linux Foundation</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Carl Rand (<em>TSC</em>) - Foundry</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Doug Walker (<em>TSC Chief Architect</em>) - Autodesk</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Kevin Wheatley (<em>TSC</em>) - Framestore</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Bernard Lefebvre - Autodesk</p></li>
</ul>
<div class="section" id="ocio-tsc-meeting-notes">
<h1><strong>OCIO TSC Meeting Notes</strong><a class="headerlink" href="#ocio-tsc-meeting-notes" title="Permalink to this headline">Â¶</a></h1>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>Vulnerability reporting</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Currently going through the CII badge discussions this week.</p></li>
<li><p>Mainly focusing on documentation.</p></li>
<li><p>Looking at offline private reporting mail of security vulnerabilities.</p></li>
<li><p>Mail address will be security.ocio.org</p></li>
<li><p>Larry: Is a private mail address private enough?</p></li>
<li><p>Michael: The private aspect is only suggested. Other sites donâ€™t tend to go beyond a private mail. And doing so would be quite a bit more work and far more complicated.</p></li>
<li><p>Michael has tested the mail system by emailing into it.</p></li>
<li><p>Larry: We just need to make sure itâ€™s a mail that isnâ€™t publicly visible. Itâ€™s very unlikely that someone is going to need it to be more private than that.</p></li>
<li><p>Michael: The system states that itâ€™s private.</p></li>
<li><p>John is currently setting up the email side of things.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Updates on ongoing tasks - Python bindings</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Michael is actively working on the bindings.</p></li>
<li><p>Michael: The current API is not very Pythonic.</p></li>
<li><p>Michael: Do we need backwards compatibility? Or can we split it?</p></li>
<li><p>Kevin: It will depend on when we need to support Python 3 and whether we need to do something sooner rather than later.</p></li>
<li><p>Kevin: If this is going to be in version 1.x then we would need to keep backwards compatibility.</p></li>
<li><p>Michael: In 2.x we will have to remove some things regardless.</p></li>
<li><p>Michael: Pushing the API changes back to 1.x is something we could do.</p></li>
<li><p>Patrick: In 1.x the C API shouldnâ€™t change. Should this then not be the case for Python API?</p></li>
<li><p>Michael: The option is there to backport the work done in 2.x to 1.x.</p></li>
<li><p>Doug: For the near term we need to maintain backwards compatibility. Could we decide later and see what the new API will be like?</p></li>
<li><p>Michael is starting off now by writing the documentation.</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Trying to balance out the types to reduce the inconsistences.</p></li>
<li><p>Currently maintaining backwards compatibility.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Larry: Switching the bindings to PyBind 11 might be a good time.</p></li>
<li><p>Carl: Could we mark parts of the API as deprecated and remove them later to give people warning?</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Michael: The problem with this is trying to figure out the deprecation mechanism to use.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Michael: OCIO 2.x will support both Python 2 and 3</p></li>
<li><p>Kevin: We should make the C and Python API change at the same time. This will make it easier for users.</p></li>
<li><p>Larry: The C/C++ and Python API should only deviate in places where itâ€™s natural for the specific language.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Other items discussed:</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Larry: Raised pushing the meeting forward by 30 minutes as the meetings are only lasting 20 - 30 minutes. It would help people in certain time zones due to rush hour.</p></li>
<li><p>Next weeks meeting will be cancelled due to Easter holiday.</p></li>
<li><p>Kevin will be on PR duty next week but wont be available on Monday.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</div>


          </div>
          <div class="page-nav">
            <div class="inner"><ul class="page-nav">
</ul><div class="footer" role="contentinfo">
      &#169; Copyright Contributors to the OpenColorIO Project.
    <br>
    Created using <a href="http://sphinx-doc.org/">Sphinx</a> 3.0.3 with <a href="https://github.com/schettino72/sphinx_press_theme">Press Theme</a>.
</div>
            </div>
          </div>
      </page>
    </div>
    
    
  </body>
</html>