

<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--[if IE 8]><html class="no-js lt-ie9" lang="en" > <![endif]-->
<!--[if gt IE 8]><!--> <html class="no-js" lang="en" > <!--<![endif]-->
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
  
  <title>OCIO TSC Meeting Notes &mdash; OpenColorIO  documentation</title>
  

  
  
  
  

  
  <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../../_static/js/modernizr.min.js"></script>
  
    
      <script type="text/javascript" id="documentation_options" data-url_root="../../../../" src="../../../../_static/documentation_options.js"></script>
        <script src="../../../../_static/jquery.js"></script>
        <script src="../../../../_static/underscore.js"></script>
        <script src="../../../../_static/doctools.js"></script>
        <script src="../../../../_static/language_data.js"></script>
    
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../../_static/js/theme.js"></script>

    

  
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../../_static/css/theme.css" type="text/css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../../_static/pygments.css" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="index" title="Index" href="../../../../genindex.html" />
    <link rel="search" title="Search" href="../../../../search.html" /> 
</head>

<body class="wy-body-for-nav">

   
  <div class="wy-grid-for-nav">
    
    <nav data-toggle="wy-nav-shift" class="wy-nav-side">
      <div class="wy-side-scroll">
        <div class="wy-side-nav-search" >
          

          
            <a href="../../../index.html" class="icon icon-home"> OpenColorIO
          

          
            
            <img src="../../../../_static/OpenColorIO_withText.svg" class="logo" alt="Logo"/>
          
          </a>

          
            
            
              <div class="version">
                .
              </div>
            
          

          
<div role="search">
  <form id="rtd-search-form" class="wy-form" action="../../../../search.html" method="get">
    <input type="text" name="q" placeholder="Search docs" />
    <input type="hidden" name="check_keywords" value="yes" />
    <input type="hidden" name="area" value="default" />
  </form>
</div>

          
        </div>

        <div class="wy-menu wy-menu-vertical" data-spy="affix" role="navigation" aria-label="main navigation">
          
            
            
              
            
            
              <ul>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../overview/compatible_software.html">Compatible Software</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../overview/downloads.html">Downloads</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../overview/faq.html">FAQ</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../overview/installation.html">Installation</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../overview/introduction.html">Introduction</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../overview/license.html">License</a></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../users/_index.html">User Guide</a></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../configs/_index.html">Configurations</a></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../api/_index.html">API</a></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../getting_started.html">Getting started</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../coding_guidelines.html">Coding guidelines</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../documentation_guidelines.html">Documentation guidelines</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../internal_architecture.html">Internal Architecture Overview</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../issues.html">Issues</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../submitting_changes.html">Submitting Changes</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../usage_examples.html">Usage Examples</a></li>
</ul>

            
          
        </div>
      </div>
    </nav>

    <section data-toggle="wy-nav-shift" class="wy-nav-content-wrap">

      
      <nav class="wy-nav-top" aria-label="top navigation">
        
          <i data-toggle="wy-nav-top" class="fa fa-bars"></i>
          <a href="../../../index.html">OpenColorIO</a>
        
      </nav>


      <div class="wy-nav-content">
        
        <div class="rst-content">
        
          















<div role="navigation" aria-label="breadcrumbs navigation">

  <ul class="wy-breadcrumbs">
    
      <li><a href="../../../index.html">Docs</a> &raquo;</li>
        
      <li><strong>OCIO TSC Meeting Notes</strong></li>
    
    
      <li class="wy-breadcrumbs-aside">
        
            
            <a href="../../../../_sources/src/contributors/tsc/meetings/2019-03-18.md.txt" rel="nofollow"> View page source</a>
          
        
      </li>
    
  </ul>

  
  <hr/>
</div>
          <div role="main" class="document" itemscope="itemscope" itemtype="http://schema.org/Article">
           <div itemprop="articleBody">
            
  <!-- SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0 --><!-- Copyright Contributors to the OpenColorIO Project. --><p>March 18, 2019</p>
<p>Host: Michael Dolan</p>
<p>Rotating Secretary: Doug Walker</p>
<p>Attendees:</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>[ ] Mark Boorer (<em>TSC</em>) - Industrial Light &amp; Magic</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] Sean Cooper (<em>TSC</em>) - DNEG</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Michael Dolan (<em>TSC Chair</em>) - Sony Pictures Imageworks</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Larry Gritz (<em>TSC</em>) - Sony Pictures Imageworks</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Thanh Ha - Academy Software Foundation / Linux Foundation</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Patrick Hodoul (<em>TSC</em>) - Autodesk</p></li>
<li><p>[X] John Mertic - Academy Software Foundation / Linux Foundation</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Carl Rand (<em>TSC</em>) - Foundry</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Doug Walker (<em>TSC Chief Architect</em>) - Autodesk</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Kevin Wheatley (<em>TSC</em>) - Framestore</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Bernard Lefebvre - Autodesk</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Jim Houston - consultant</p></li>
</ul>
<div class="section" id="ocio-tsc-meeting-notes">
<h1><strong>OCIO TSC Meeting Notes</strong><a class="headerlink" href="#ocio-tsc-meeting-notes" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h1>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>Copyright for OCIO Configs repo</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Repo currently does not have copyright notices, should address before aswf move.</p></li>
<li><p>Group believes all contributions were made under the same terms as the main repo.</p></li>
<li><p>John will provide notice, Michael volunteered to add.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>CII Badge – Security</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Chair asked if anyone had expertise and could help.  No volunteers.</p>
<ul>
<li><p>John: This is a common problem with many projects.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>We will add this to the list of items we are looking for contributors to help with.</p></li>
<li><p>John suggested to move our checklist to the official CII site rather than having it in our own repo.</p></li>
<li><p>Volunteers to help with that are welcome.  ;)</p></li>
<li><p>What tools are available to help detect security issues?  Suggested areas to check?</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Larry: Fuzz test configs</p></li>
<li><p>Kevin: Using problematic lib calls, unsafe path handling (e.g. ../..), fuzz test env vars.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Carl: Some users need to protect LUTs as trade-secret.</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Larry: Should have a private means for users to report bugs.</p></li>
<li><p>Michael: Need that for reporting security issues too.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Any recommendations from LF regarding what to add to CI?</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Thanh: Some options are Nexus IQ, WhiteSource for security, Sonar Qube for static.</p></li>
<li><p>Thanh is doing some investigation for TAC, we will follow closely for recommendations.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>John provide the following link: https://github.com/coreinfrastructure/best-practices-badge/blob/master/doc/security.md</p></li>
<li><p>Chair asked John if we were moving too slowly, John: no.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>1.1.1 Release</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Michael: There are two PRs waiting, please review and approve.  Anything else to add?</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Patrick: Update version in cmake?</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Michael will create a draft for people to check.</p></li>
<li><p>Side-benefit is this will update website with new email reflector addresses.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Pixel Format PR #699</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Doug and Patrick provided overview.</p></li>
<li><p>Micheal: Are we deprecating 14 and 32-bit integer support?</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Doug: No, there were enums but no support in OCIO v1.</p></li>
<li><p>Once the foundation is in place, others will be able to add additional formats, if desired.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Will be more detailed discussion at next v2 working group meeting (probably next week).</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Labeling GitHub issues for people to contribute</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Michael: “Good first issue” is often used but doesn’t seem most appropriate for some.</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Some issues require serious dev work but don’t require OCIO-specific knowledge.</p></li>
<li><p>Larry, Patrick concur.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>John: Advised adopting common practices to make it easier for new contributors.</p></li>
<li><p>John: Check out new LF “Community Bridge” initiative.</p></li>
<li><p>People are asked to suggest label name to use for issues we’d like help with.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Pruning GitHub issue list</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Chair: We have 170 open issues, many old ones, let’s try to see if any should be closed.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Email list migration</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Original Google Group lists shut down date is today.</p></li>
<li><p>John will migrate existing archives as mbox file today (may take some time to show up).</p></li>
<li><p>Chair will ask Sean/Mark to shut down the old groups.</p>
<ul>
<li><p>WBN if anyone that tries to post will get email with new list coordinates.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Other items</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Patrick: Some small PRs will merge this week #693, #694, #696, last call for reviews.</p></li>
<li><p>Doug: Will schedule next v2 working group meeting for next week sometime.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</div>


           </div>
           
          </div>
          <footer>
  

  <hr/>

  <div role="contentinfo">
    <p>
        &copy; Copyright Contributors to the OpenColorIO Project

    </p>
  </div>
  Built with <a href="http://sphinx-doc.org/">Sphinx</a> using a <a href="https://github.com/rtfd/sphinx_rtd_theme">theme</a> provided by <a href="https://readthedocs.org">Read the Docs</a>. 

</footer>

        </div>
      </div>

    </section>

  </div>
  


  <script type="text/javascript">
      jQuery(function () {
          SphinxRtdTheme.Navigation.enable(true);
      });
  </script>

  
  
    
   

</body>
</html>