

<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--[if IE 8]><html class="no-js lt-ie9" lang="en" > <![endif]-->
<!--[if gt IE 8]><!--> <html class="no-js" lang="en" > <!--<![endif]-->
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
  
  <title>OCIO TSC Meeting Notes &mdash; OpenColorIO  documentation</title>
  

  
  
  
  

  
  <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../../_static/js/modernizr.min.js"></script>
  
    
      <script type="text/javascript" id="documentation_options" data-url_root="../../../../" src="../../../../_static/documentation_options.js"></script>
        <script src="../../../../_static/jquery.js"></script>
        <script src="../../../../_static/underscore.js"></script>
        <script src="../../../../_static/doctools.js"></script>
        <script src="../../../../_static/language_data.js"></script>
    
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../../_static/js/theme.js"></script>

    

  
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../../_static/css/theme.css" type="text/css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../../_static/pygments.css" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="index" title="Index" href="../../../../genindex.html" />
    <link rel="search" title="Search" href="../../../../search.html" /> 
</head>

<body class="wy-body-for-nav">

   
  <div class="wy-grid-for-nav">
    
    <nav data-toggle="wy-nav-shift" class="wy-nav-side">
      <div class="wy-side-scroll">
        <div class="wy-side-nav-search" >
          

          
            <a href="../../../index.html" class="icon icon-home"> OpenColorIO
          

          
            
            <img src="../../../../_static/OpenColorIO_withText.svg" class="logo" alt="Logo"/>
          
          </a>

          
            
            
              <div class="version">
                .
              </div>
            
          

          
<div role="search">
  <form id="rtd-search-form" class="wy-form" action="../../../../search.html" method="get">
    <input type="text" name="q" placeholder="Search docs" />
    <input type="hidden" name="check_keywords" value="yes" />
    <input type="hidden" name="area" value="default" />
  </form>
</div>

          
        </div>

        <div class="wy-menu wy-menu-vertical" data-spy="affix" role="navigation" aria-label="main navigation">
          
            
            
              
            
            
              <ul>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../overview/compatible_software.html">Compatible Software</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../overview/downloads.html">Downloads</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../overview/faq.html">FAQ</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../overview/installation.html">Installation</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../overview/introduction.html">Introduction</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../overview/license.html">License</a></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../users/_index.html">User Guide</a></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../configs/_index.html">Configurations</a></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../api/_index.html">API</a></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../getting_started.html">Getting started</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../coding_guidelines.html">Coding guidelines</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../documentation_guidelines.html">Documentation guidelines</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../internal_architecture.html">Internal Architecture Overview</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../issues.html">Issues</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../submitting_changes.html">Submitting Changes</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../usage_examples.html">Usage Examples</a></li>
</ul>

            
          
        </div>
      </div>
    </nav>

    <section data-toggle="wy-nav-shift" class="wy-nav-content-wrap">

      
      <nav class="wy-nav-top" aria-label="top navigation">
        
          <i data-toggle="wy-nav-top" class="fa fa-bars"></i>
          <a href="../../../index.html">OpenColorIO</a>
        
      </nav>


      <div class="wy-nav-content">
        
        <div class="rst-content">
        
          















<div role="navigation" aria-label="breadcrumbs navigation">

  <ul class="wy-breadcrumbs">
    
      <li><a href="../../../index.html">Docs</a> &raquo;</li>
        
      <li><strong>OCIO TSC Meeting Notes</strong></li>
    
    
      <li class="wy-breadcrumbs-aside">
        
            
            <a href="../../../../_sources/src/contributors/tsc/meetings/2019-07-22.md.txt" rel="nofollow"> View page source</a>
          
        
      </li>
    
  </ul>

  
  <hr/>
</div>
          <div role="main" class="document" itemscope="itemscope" itemtype="http://schema.org/Article">
           <div itemprop="articleBody">
            
  <!-- SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0 --><!-- Copyright Contributors to the OpenColorIO Project. --><p>July 22, 2019</p>
<p>Host: Michael Dolan</p>
<p>Rotating Secretary: Michael Dolan</p>
<p>Attendees:</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>[X] Mark Boorer (<em>TSC</em>) - Industrial Light &amp; Magic</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] Sean Cooper (<em>TSC</em>) - DNEG</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Michael Dolan (<em>TSC Chair</em>) - Sony Pictures Imageworks</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Larry Gritz (<em>TSC</em>) - Sony Pictures Imageworks</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Patrick Hodoul (<em>TSC</em>) - Autodesk</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] John Mertic - Academy Software Foundation / Linux Foundation</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] Carl Rand (<em>TSC</em>) - Foundry</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Doug Walker (<em>TSC Chief Architect</em>) - Autodesk</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Kevin Wheatley (<em>TSC</em>) - Framestore</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Bernard Lefebvre - Autodesk</p></li>
</ul>
<div class="section" id="ocio-tsc-meeting-notes">
<h1><strong>OCIO TSC Meeting Notes</strong><a class="headerlink" href="#ocio-tsc-meeting-notes" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h1>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>Open Source Maintainers Meeting</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Michael: We want to invite ACES leads to the meeting at SIGGRAPH. I don’t
have all their contact info. Asks if Doug can provide it?</p></li>
<li><p><strong>TODO</strong>: Doug does, and is willing to reach out to Annie and JZ. Later
(offline) asks Sean if he would like to, since he is our ACES TAC rep.</p></li>
<li><p>Meeting is Wednesday at 4pm.</p></li>
<li><p>Larry clarifies that the purpose of the meeting isn’t to advertise ASWF
or even attract new projects, but to discuss the ASWFs role in the wider
ecosystem, and how it can better work with and help other projects.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>SIGGRAPH Working Group Meeting</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Michael proposes this be more of a working group meeting than a TSC
meeting</p></li>
<li><p>Doug: We have two hours, so the TSC portion could be 30 minutes, and use
the rest for working group.</p></li>
<li><p>Doug: Those not at SIGGRAPH can connect via Zoom.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>TODO</strong>: Doug will send invite to both ocio-dev and OCIO v2 working group
(google group).</p></li>
<li><p>Doug: We should discuss release/pre-release branch and/or tag naming</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Other topics are CLF write support and recent CPU renderer performance
work (PR #769).</p></li>
<li><p>Will show OCIO v2 roadmap</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>SIGGRAPH OCIO BoF</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Patrick: We really don’t have a full hour; more like 45-50 minutes.</p></li>
<li><p>Doug: Timing will be important to allow for discussion. Let’s add target
durations to the slide deck notes to help keep us on track.</p></li>
<li><p>Patrick: Someone should monitor time during meeting to keep things moving</p></li>
<li><p>Doug: in interest of time, AD will not do live demo. Demos can be done
following meeting on Doug’s laptop if there’s interest.</p></li>
<li><p>Michael: I will keep general project updates brief.</p></li>
<li><p>Mark: Can keep OpenColorMath talk under 10 minutes.</p></li>
<li><p>Michael: Thomas won’t be there, but will provide statement to talk about
ACES 1.1 config.</p>
<ul>
<li><p>His work is mostly done, but not checked in anywhere yet, so we’ll
likely be pointing people at his fork. Probably Ok since it’s still
being tested.</p></li>
<li><p>Michael: We’re still trying to talk to Alex about what to do with
OCIO-Configs repo.</p></li>
<li><p>Work will be included in Nuke 12 beta.</p></li>
<li><p>Doug: Will have a slide to talk about improved ACES Output Transform
support we added. Will have results vs. ACES 1.0.3 and Thomas’ fork
available on laptop for anyone interested.</p>
<ul>
<li><p>New shaper does improve performance on bright colors and is worth
doing. However performance in some areas does get worse, so it is
moving the error around more than eliminating it.</p></li>
<li><p>ACES 1.2 is due out in the fall. Includes new ACESclip and revised
CLF spec.</p></li>
<li><p>ACES v2 (including Output Transform improvements, etc.) is still in
planning phase.</p></li>
<li><p>Michael: The version of the ACES config following Thomas’ 1.1
version will hopefully be able to use the new built-in OCIO transforms
(next year sometime).</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>PR Update</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Michael: Let’s review #769 this week. It’s been open 26 days.</p></li>
<li><p>Michael: ext/ work is ready for review. Do want to add shared lib support
for LCMS2 and pystring in the CI scripts, but not high priority.</p></li>
<li><p>Patrick: That can be a TODO for later.</p></li>
<li><p>Patrick: UnitTest changes need to be merged into #769, but not a big deal.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</div>


           </div>
           
          </div>
          <footer>
  

  <hr/>

  <div role="contentinfo">
    <p>
        &copy; Copyright Contributors to the OpenColorIO Project

    </p>
  </div>
  Built with <a href="http://sphinx-doc.org/">Sphinx</a> using a <a href="https://github.com/rtfd/sphinx_rtd_theme">theme</a> provided by <a href="https://readthedocs.org">Read the Docs</a>. 

</footer>

        </div>
      </div>

    </section>

  </div>
  


  <script type="text/javascript">
      jQuery(function () {
          SphinxRtdTheme.Navigation.enable(true);
      });
  </script>

  
  
    
   

</body>
</html>