

<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--[if IE 8]><html class="no-js lt-ie9" lang="en" > <![endif]-->
<!--[if gt IE 8]><!--> <html class="no-js" lang="en" > <!--<![endif]-->
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
  
  <title>OCIO TSC Meeting Notes &mdash; OpenColorIO  documentation</title>
  

  
  
  
  

  
  <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../../_static/js/modernizr.min.js"></script>
  
    
      <script type="text/javascript" id="documentation_options" data-url_root="../../../../" src="../../../../_static/documentation_options.js"></script>
        <script src="../../../../_static/jquery.js"></script>
        <script src="../../../../_static/underscore.js"></script>
        <script src="../../../../_static/doctools.js"></script>
        <script src="../../../../_static/language_data.js"></script>
    
    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../../../_static/js/theme.js"></script>

    

  
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../../_static/css/theme.css" type="text/css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../../_static/pygments.css" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="index" title="Index" href="../../../../genindex.html" />
    <link rel="search" title="Search" href="../../../../search.html" /> 
</head>

<body class="wy-body-for-nav">

   
  <div class="wy-grid-for-nav">
    
    <nav data-toggle="wy-nav-shift" class="wy-nav-side">
      <div class="wy-side-scroll">
        <div class="wy-side-nav-search" >
          

          
            <a href="../../../index.html" class="icon icon-home"> OpenColorIO
          

          
            
            <img src="../../../../_static/OpenColorIO_withText.svg" class="logo" alt="Logo"/>
          
          </a>

          
            
            
              <div class="version">
                .
              </div>
            
          

          
<div role="search">
  <form id="rtd-search-form" class="wy-form" action="../../../../search.html" method="get">
    <input type="text" name="q" placeholder="Search docs" />
    <input type="hidden" name="check_keywords" value="yes" />
    <input type="hidden" name="area" value="default" />
  </form>
</div>

          
        </div>

        <div class="wy-menu wy-menu-vertical" data-spy="affix" role="navigation" aria-label="main navigation">
          
            
            
              
            
            
              <ul>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../overview/compatible_software.html">Compatible Software</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../overview/downloads.html">Downloads</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../overview/faq.html">FAQ</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../overview/installation.html">Installation</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../overview/introduction.html">Introduction</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../overview/license.html">License</a></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../users/_index.html">User Guide</a></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../configs/_index.html">Configurations</a></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../../api/_index.html">API</a></li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../getting_started.html">Getting started</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../coding_guidelines.html">Coding guidelines</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../documentation_guidelines.html">Documentation guidelines</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../internal_architecture.html">Internal Architecture Overview</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../issues.html">Issues</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../submitting_changes.html">Submitting Changes</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../usage_examples.html">Usage Examples</a></li>
</ul>

            
          
        </div>
      </div>
    </nav>

    <section data-toggle="wy-nav-shift" class="wy-nav-content-wrap">

      
      <nav class="wy-nav-top" aria-label="top navigation">
        
          <i data-toggle="wy-nav-top" class="fa fa-bars"></i>
          <a href="../../../index.html">OpenColorIO</a>
        
      </nav>


      <div class="wy-nav-content">
        
        <div class="rst-content">
        
          















<div role="navigation" aria-label="breadcrumbs navigation">

  <ul class="wy-breadcrumbs">
    
      <li><a href="../../../index.html">Docs</a> &raquo;</li>
        
      <li><strong>OCIO TSC Meeting Notes</strong></li>
    
    
      <li class="wy-breadcrumbs-aside">
        
            
            <a href="../../../../_sources/src/contributors/tsc/meetings/2019-02-04.md.txt" rel="nofollow"> View page source</a>
          
        
      </li>
    
  </ul>

  
  <hr/>
</div>
          <div role="main" class="document" itemscope="itemscope" itemtype="http://schema.org/Article">
           <div itemprop="articleBody">
            
  <!-- SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0 --><!-- Copyright Contributors to the OpenColorIO Project. --><p>Feb. 4, 2019</p>
<p>Host: John Mertic</p>
<p>Secretary: Kevin Wheatley</p>
<p>Attendees:</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>Sean Cooper (<em>TSC</em>) - DNEG</p></li>
<li><p>Michael Dolan (<em>TSC</em>) - Sony Pictures Imageworks</p></li>
<li><p>Larry Gritz (<em>TSC</em>) - Sony Pictures Imageworks</p></li>
<li><p>Thanh Ha - Academy Software Foundation / Linux Foundation</p></li>
<li><p>Patrick Hodoul (<em>TSC</em>) - Autodesk</p></li>
<li><p>Bernard Lefebvre - Autodesk</p></li>
<li><p>John Mertic - Academy Software Foundation / Linux Foundation</p></li>
<li><p>Carl Rand (<em>TSC</em>) - Foundry</p></li>
<li><p>Doug Walker (<em>TSC</em>) - Autodesk</p></li>
<li><p>Kevin Wheatley (<em>TSC</em>) - Framestore</p></li>
</ul>
<div class="section" id="ocio-tsc-meeting-notes">
<h1><strong>OCIO TSC Meeting Notes</strong><a class="headerlink" href="#ocio-tsc-meeting-notes" title="Permalink to this headline">Â¶</a></h1>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>Opening explanation of form and function of TSC by John Mertic.</p></li>
<li><p>Election of officials/Nominations for roles</p></li>
<li><p>Doug Walker, explained the prior discussion from the Slack #tsc channel</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Michael Dolan - Chairperson</p></li>
<li><p>Doug Walker for Chief Architect</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Additional nominations</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Sean Cooper - Chairperson</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Discussion around the concept of Chair + Vice chair and the distinction of only the chair having voting rights on the TAC.</p></li>
<li><p>Larry Gritz suggested we may benefit from a singular chair as an efficiency point, rather than the potential of delays by trying to maintain something similar to the current consensus model.</p></li>
<li><p>John Mertic requested candidates provide their background for inclusion in the voting process with the aim of opening voting on the 5th February.</p></li>
<li><p>Secretary - in view of no volunteers, suggested we might consider rotating role.</p></li>
<li><p>Infrastructure</p>
<ul>
<li><p>GitHub repo needs migrating to the ASWF organisation</p></li>
<li><p><strong>TODO</strong> - John Mertic to coordinate with Steve Winslow at the LF to complete.</p></li>
<li><p>https://github.com/AcademySoftwareFoundation/tac/blob/master/process/contributing.md</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Require that any existing copyright notices are reviewed and amended by the current stated owners if their respective legal agrees.</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Once migrated will enable DCO sign off checking and CLA checks.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Sub-discussion on the option of separate sign off for committer vs developer sign off.</p></li>
<li><p><strong>TODO</strong> - John Mertic to determine if sign off lines need to be in the contribution license agreement list</p></li>
<li><p>CLAs from corporations and individuals would preferentially be in place prior to migration, John Mertic to action the set-up.</p></li>
<li><p>Need to transfer DNS and website registration</p></li>
<li><p><strong>TODO</strong> - Larry Gritz to action transfer</p></li>
<li><p>Discussion around transfer of mailing lists/slack channel</p></li>
<li><p><strong>TODO</strong> - John Mertic to confirm if Google Groups and message history can be migrated to groups.io, and pricing/options for Slack to Rocket.chat or Mattermost migration</p></li>
<li><p>Build infrastructure</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Note about the use of current infrastructure for builds in parallel until we have parity of features with the build system.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>TSC meeting suggested weekly during initial roll out until we have settled down.</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Settling on Monday 5pm GMT-0 for now</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</div>


           </div>
           
          </div>
          <footer>
  

  <hr/>

  <div role="contentinfo">
    <p>
        &copy; Copyright Contributors to the OpenColorIO Project

    </p>
  </div>
  Built with <a href="http://sphinx-doc.org/">Sphinx</a> using a <a href="https://github.com/rtfd/sphinx_rtd_theme">theme</a> provided by <a href="https://readthedocs.org">Read the Docs</a>. 

</footer>

        </div>
      </div>

    </section>

  </div>
  


  <script type="text/javascript">
      jQuery(function () {
          SphinxRtdTheme.Navigation.enable(true);
      });
  </script>

  
  
    
   

</body>
</html>