<!DOCTYPE html>
<html >
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1">
      <title>OCIO TSC Meeting Notes</title>
    
      <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../../_static/pygments.css">
      <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../../_static/theme.css">
      <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../../_static/sphinx_press_theme.css">
      
      <script type="text/javascript" id="documentation_options" data-url_root="../../../../" src="../../../../_static/documentation_options.js"></script>

      <!-- sphinx script_files -->
        <script src="../../../../_static/jquery.js"></script>
        <script src="../../../../_static/underscore.js"></script>
        <script src="../../../../_static/doctools.js"></script>
        <script src="../../../../_static/language_data.js"></script>

      
      <script src="../../../../_static/theme-vendors.js"></script>
      <script src="../../../../_static/theme.js" defer></script>
    
  <link rel="index" title="Index" href="../../../../genindex.html" />
  <link rel="search" title="Search" href="../../../../search.html" /> 
  </head>

  <body>
    <div id="app" class="theme-container" :class="pageClasses"><navbar @toggle-sidebar="toggleSidebar">
  <router-link to="../../../../index.html" class="home-link">
    
      <img class="logo" src="../../../../_static/OpenColorIO_withText.svg" alt="doit logo"/>
    
  </router-link>

  <div class="links">
    <navlinks class="can-hide">

  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../../overview/_index.html#"
         class="nav-link ">
         Overview
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../../users/_index.html#user-guide"
         class="nav-link ">
         User Guide
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../../configs/_index.html#public-configs"
         class="nav-link ">
         Configs
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../../api/_index.html#api"
         class="nav-link ">
         API
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../../contributors/_index.html#"
         class="nav-link ">
         Contributors
      </a>
    </div>
  



  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="https://github.com/AcademySoftwareFoundation/OpenColorIO"
        class="nav-link external">
          Github <outboundlink/>
      </a>
    </div>
  

    </navlinks>
  </div>
</navbar>

      
      <div class="sidebar-mask" @click="toggleSidebar(false)">
      </div>
        <sidebar @toggle-sidebar="toggleSidebar">
          
          <navlinks>
            

  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../../overview/_index.html#"
         class="nav-link ">
         Overview
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../../users/_index.html#user-guide"
         class="nav-link ">
         User Guide
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../../configs/_index.html#public-configs"
         class="nav-link ">
         Configs
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../../api/_index.html#api"
         class="nav-link ">
         API
      </a>
    </div>
  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="../../../../contributors/_index.html#"
         class="nav-link ">
         Contributors
      </a>
    </div>
  



  
    <div class="nav-item">
      <a href="https://github.com/AcademySoftwareFoundation/OpenColorIO"
        class="nav-link external">
          Github <outboundlink/>
      </a>
    </div>
  

            
          </navlinks><div id="searchbox" class="searchbox" role="search">
  <div class="caption"><span class="caption-text">Quick search</span>
    <div class="searchformwrapper">
      <form class="search" action="../../../../search.html" method="get">
        <input type="text" name="q" />
        <input type="submit" value="Search" />
        <input type="hidden" name="check_keywords" value="yes" />
        <input type="hidden" name="area" value="default" />
      </form>
    </div>
  </div>
</div><div class="sidebar-links" role="navigation" aria-label="main navigation">
  
    <div class="sidebar-group">
      <p class="caption">
        <span class="caption-text"><a href="../../../../overview/_index.html#">Overview</a></span>
      </p>
      <ul class="">
        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../overview/compatible_software.html" class="reference internal ">Compatible Software</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../overview/downloads.html" class="reference internal ">Downloads</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../overview/faq.html" class="reference internal ">FAQ</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../overview/installation.html" class="reference internal ">Installation</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../overview/introduction.html" class="reference internal ">Introduction</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../overview/license.html" class="reference internal ">License</a>

            
          </li>

        
      </ul>
    </div>
  
    <div class="sidebar-group">
      <p class="caption">
        <span class="caption-text"><a href="../../../../users/_index.html#user-guide">User Guide</a></span>
      </p>
      <ul class="">
        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../users/tool_overview.html" class="reference internal ">Tool overview</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../users/baking_luts.html" class="reference internal ">Baking LUTâ€™s</a>

            
          </li>

        
      </ul>
    </div>
  
    <div class="sidebar-group">
      <p class="caption">
        <span class="caption-text"><a href="../../../../configs/_index.html#public-configs">Configs</a></span>
      </p>
      <ul class="">
        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../configs/spi_vfx.html" class="reference internal ">spi-vfx</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../configs/spi_anim.html" class="reference internal ">spi-anim</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../configs/nuke_default.html" class="reference internal ">nuke-default</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../configs/aces_1.0.3.html" class="reference internal ">aces_1.0.3</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../configs/allocation_vars.html" class="reference internal ">How to Configure ColorSpace Allocation</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../configs/config_syntax.html" class="reference internal ">Config syntax</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../configs/contexts.html" class="reference internal ">Contexts</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../configs/looks.html" class="reference internal ">Looks</a>

            
          </li>

        
      </ul>
    </div>
  
    <div class="sidebar-group">
      <p class="caption">
        <span class="caption-text"><a href="../../../../api/_index.html#api">API</a></span>
      </p>
      <ul class="">
        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../api/change_log.html" class="reference internal ">ChangeLog</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../api/c_baker.html" class="reference internal ">Baker</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../api/c_context.html" class="reference internal ">Context</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../api/c_gpushadercreator.html" class="reference internal ">GpuShaderCreator</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../api/c_gpushaderdesc.html" class="reference internal ">GpuShaderDesc</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../api/c_imagedesc.html" class="reference internal ">ImageDesc</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../api/c_packedimagedesc.html" class="reference internal ">PackedImageDesc</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../api/c_planarimagedesc.html" class="reference internal ">PlanarImageDesc</a>

            
          </li>

        
      </ul>
    </div>
  
    <div class="sidebar-group">
      <p class="caption">
        <span class="caption-text"><a href="../../../../contributors/_index.html#">Contributors</a></span>
      </p>
      <ul class="">
        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../contributors/getting_started.html" class="reference internal ">Getting started</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../contributors/coding_guidelines.html" class="reference internal ">Coding guidelines</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../contributors/documentation_guidelines.html" class="reference internal ">Documentation guidelines</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../contributors/internal_architecture.html" class="reference internal ">Internal Architecture Overview</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../contributors/issues.html" class="reference internal ">Issues</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../contributors/submitting_changes.html" class="reference internal ">Submitting Changes</a>

            
          </li>

        
          <li class="toctree-l1 "><a href="../../../../contributors/usage_examples.html" class="reference internal ">Usage Examples</a>

            
          </li>

        
      </ul>
    </div>
  
</div>
        </sidebar>

      <page>
          <div class="body-header" role="navigation" aria-label="navigation">
  
  <ul class="breadcrumbs">
    <li><a href="../../../../index.html">Docs</a> &raquo;</li>
    
    <li><strong>OCIO TSC Meeting Notes</strong></li>
  </ul>
  

  <ul class="page-nav">
</ul>
  
</div>
<hr>
          <div class="content" role="main">
            
  <!-- SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0 --><!-- Copyright Contributors to the OpenColorIO Project. --><p>May 4, 2020</p>
<p>Host: Michael Dolan</p>
<p>Rotating Secretary: Michael Dolan</p>
<p>Attendees:</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>[X] Mark Boorer (<em>TSC</em>) - Industrial Light &amp; Magic</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Sean Cooper (<em>TSC</em>) - DNEG</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Michael Dolan (<em>TSC Chair</em>) - Epic Games</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Mei Chu (<em>TSC</em>) - Sony Pictures Imageworks</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Patrick Hodoul (<em>TSC</em>) - Autodesk</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] John Mertic - Academy Software Foundation / Linux Foundation</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Carol Payne (<em>TSC</em>) - Netflix</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] Carl Rand (<em>TSC</em>) - Weta Digital</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Doug Walker (<em>TSC Chief Architect</em>) - Autodesk</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Kevin Wheatley (<em>TSC</em>) - Framestore</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Bernard Lefebvre - Autodesk</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Joseph Goldstone - ARRI</p></li>
<li><p>[X] Troy Sobotka</p></li>
</ul>
<div class="section" id="ocio-tsc-meeting-notes">
<h1><strong>OCIO TSC Meeting Notes</strong><a class="headerlink" href="#ocio-tsc-meeting-notes" title="Permalink to this headline">Â¶</a></h1>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>GPU CI update</p>
<ul>
<li><p>GH Actions is now in place, and LF release engineering is working on
setting up needed AWS infrastructure to provision GPU instances. Once
this is completed (within ~1-2 weeks) we will work with JF to implement
into CI. A CI working group goal is for OCIO to have GPU CI up and running
by the May CI working group meeting in a month.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>OpenColorIO-configs update</p>
<ul>
<li><p>There was a joint ACES-OCIO meeting last Friday to discuss the way
forward for the ACES OCIO config. We will be starting a new ASWF repo to
house a new config, and further discuss the design within that repoâ€™s
issues.</p></li>
<li><p>Doug: Rod Bogart has some action items around licensing of existing code
and HPâ€™s python scripts. TBD how to move forward with these.</p></li>
<li><p>Joseph: Did anyone from Canon come to this group? The current IDTs dont
match Canonâ€™s white paper. It contains a note saying the formula has been
revised.</p></li>
<li><p>Doug: Thatâ€™s more on the ACES side to get that updated. It should be
mentioned to Alex and Scott. Weâ€™re just going to follow what is in their
repo.</p></li>
<li><p>Joseph: I will reach out to them via email.</p></li>
<li><p>Sean: The tricky part will be what to do with old stuff. Also the
particulars of the config. But path forward is clear. It would be
worthwhile to investigate a chair to oversee config maintenance and to
have a clear owner - whoever has the time and detail.</p></li>
<li><p>Mark: That person could also own the numbers in the config, which
sometimes are debated.</p></li>
<li><p>Doug: Thomas Mansencal and Michael Parsons are the people that are
currently tasked by the Academy as the maintainers of the config, and
Thomas has done a great job on the ACES 1.2 config. My impression is
that ACES would like OCIO to take a bigger role in the management of the
config, similar to a product partner, but hopefully the same people will
stay involved.</p></li>
<li><p>Sean: The owner can ensure the config is up to date, and handle opinions
about community configs.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Docs</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Sean: Iâ€™ve been exploring the docs and have a rough working copy. Able to
populate docstrings from C++ headers automatically. pybind11 provides
tooling to extract doxygen style comments from headers and exposes a
macro to pull them into python bindings at compilation time. Seems
designed to document python bindings only - no comments about C++ at all.
Will be Interesting to see if both Python and C++ can be documented from
the same source.</p></li>
<li><p>Ideally the documentation will just live in the headers, but will need
work to be explicit API docs, instead of lots of explanatory text. This
will be needed sooner than the main OCIO v2 release. After the call with
ACES it was clear there should be a sense of urgency in getting
documentation going.</p></li>
<li><p>Once general docstrings are in place, we can discuss how to structure
docs and website. The current structure is not logical. The bulk of the
work will having to describe things beyond API docstrings.</p></li>
<li><p>Doug: The sooner we have a template the better. The AD team can then help
fill it in places. A template within the month would be very helpful.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Logos</p>
<ul>
<li><p>LF creative services is helping redesign an OpenEXR logo. For OCIO
branding should we do the same, or reach out to the OCIO community for
ideas?</p></li>
<li><p>Carol: Using LF would bring consistency between ASWF projects. Related
projects with different designers tend to look ad-hoc. Not bad, but
something to consider.</p></li>
<li><p>Sean: Would be nice to get the O*IO project branding aligned.</p></li>
<li><p>Doug: If anyone knows designer to work on it, we could get some ideas to
give to LF as a starting point.</p></li>
<li><p>Sean: I can ask Mario if he has ideas, since he proposed some previously.</p></li>
<li><p>Patrick: Itâ€™s a good opportunity to update the logo at the same time as
the library.</p></li>
<li><p>Carol: There could also be packaging and tweaks to work for different
uses.</p></li>
<li><p>Doug: LF can design different flavors of logo like they did previously
with OCIO typography.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Python unit tests</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Doug: Python unit tests are needed soon. It would be great to get a PR
to set guidelines and establish the implementation. This could just be
for a small portion of the library, to be followed by other PRs.</p></li>
<li><p>Mei: I made some changes to two Python test modules, which Michael
reviewed in his fork. Can keep working on it to get a good template we
can use across project.</p></li>
<li><p>Patrick: Donâ€™t try to write them all; itâ€™s more so we can see next steps.
When CI moved to GH Actions, the bindings are compiling but not running.
Unit tests are needed to make sure it is working.</p></li>
<li><p>Doug: We also need some new good first issues for the project. There
arenâ€™t many good first issues there now. Python unit tests could be
included.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Built-in transforms</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Doug: More built-in transforms will be needed, and could be contributed
by the community once the current PR #1006 is merged.</p></li>
<li><p>Mark: I was hoping to have OpenColorMath in before going too far with
those.</p></li>
<li><p>Doug: It depends on when that would go in. When we get to doing v2
configs, we need examples of how to make ACES output transforms. This can
be an area for community contributions.</p></li>
<li><p>Mark: There will still be work to do once library is feature complete.
I will take a deeper look then to help refine before a final release
later in the year.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Important items for community contribution over the next few months:</p>
<ul>
<li><p>GPU CI</p></li>
<li><p>OpenColorIO-Configs</p></li>
<li><p>Documentation / branding</p></li>
<li><p>Python unit tests</p></li>
<li><p>Built-in transforms</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</div>


          </div>
          <div class="page-nav">
            <div class="inner"><ul class="page-nav">
</ul><div class="footer" role="contentinfo">
      &#169; Copyright Contributors to the OpenColorIO Project.
    <br>
    Created using <a href="http://sphinx-doc.org/">Sphinx</a> 3.0.3 with <a href="https://github.com/schettino72/sphinx_press_theme">Press Theme</a>.
</div>
            </div>
          </div>
      </page>
    </div>
    
    
  </body>
</html>